[Music]
for many years now I think Windows
laptops that were built for Creative
work have been in a really bad space you
either have to pick up gaming laptops
that were over the top or you'd have to
pick up these underpowered devices that
just weren't set up for the task and it
just stemed from the fact that the tech
did not exist to build a proper laptop
that was aimed for creators but it's
very different now we have new trips
from Intel that I think fundamentally
changes the way that this whole product
segment is okay so in front of me are
two of the first ones I've seen this is
lenovo's Yoga slim 7i and this is their
yoga Pro 9i so I've partnered with
Lenovo and Intel to give you guys an
early look at these devices and who are
also nice enough to sponsor this video
so what makes these products so good for
Creative work is that you finally have
devices that have awesome screens really
good performance excellent battery life
and they're super quiet and they're thin
and light like this is just the nature
of the yoga products but you could not
get all those characteristics before in
one product there always like pick two
or three at most but now all five let's
get into it so first the screens uh this
is the yoga slim 7i and this is the
screen on the yoga Pro 9i now both of
these have phenomenal screen options
even the less expensive slim models
still get a super high quality panel
that's bright with great color accuracy
and my favorite thing about these two
panels is their lack of a matte finish
so these are both fairly reflective
screens but that means there's no kind
of diffusion layer on top and I think
for Creative devices it is really good
when Brands offer screen options that
are glossy now this device here is on
just another level so this is a mini LED
panel that's higher resolution and it's
got the pure sight Pro branding and I
measured this to have the widest color
gamut on any laptop I've seen to date it
has a higher Adobe RGB coverage than
even MacBook Pros and it also has a very
low Delta this is a incredibly color
accurate and color capable screen and
also 165 HZ if you play games it's such
a treat this is a very nice looking
screen now the chips that are in here
are the new Intel Core Ultra chips the
one that's in here is the core Ultra 9
and on the slim product it's the core
Ultra 7 and these are very capable chips
but I want to highlight a few features
that I think are particularly valuable
so the first is the Energy Efficiency
these are so much more energy efficient
than the previous generation like I
cannot stress this enough the previous
Intel product that was used in this
product class like the creative laptops
was so comically poor with Energy
Efficiency that battery life was just I
want to use the word atrocious you could
not take these devices and work on stuff
using the battery for very long this new
generation is so much better than
anything that Intel has ever offered
before and secondly the gpus so these
now have Intel's new arc gpus and
they're again so much better these
literally double the graphic performance
of the previous generation it's better
for 3D work for photo Work video work
even some vsts for music production can
make use of hard Hardware acceleration
in graphics and obviously if you play
games on the side way better this
generation than last but if you want the
best possible GPU performance you got to
pick up a pro product these have access
to nvidia's RTX gpus the one here goes
up to an RTX 470 uh the other thing I
want to mention Thunderbolt so right now
I'm shooting this video before CES I
have six videos that I'm working on
concurrently that like if I was using
regular USBC drives these can hold all
the project files but I can't work on
these things if you want to edit like a
video with multiple camera angles off of
one drive you just can't do it it would
just bog down the system heavily so
you'd have to like TR you'd have to run
multiple drives or dump it onto the
laptop it's it's a nightmare the
solution it's been around for years
Thunderbolt this has super high
bandwidth you put all six projects all
different camera angles on one drive it
can all be edited off of one drive if I
go to a desktop I just bring this one
drive and connect it up Thunderbolt can
be super important if you want to work
with kind of large media files uh okay
the other thing I want to mention fan
noise this is a this is a topic that's
so near and dear to my heart ever since
I started YouTube that's like one of the
things I've always tunnel visioned on
how loud are these laptops when you're
using them for work now when I got these
things in I'm going to you know what
this is the one I'm going to focus on
this is this is the pro product so this
is a more powerful CPU and a more
powerful GPU than the other products but
this system when I got it in I booted it
up I was in Premiere and I was like why
is this thing so quiet and then I loaded
up a game I thought okay maybe games
will push this thing this laptop is the
quietest laptop I've ever had in my600
hours of OverWatch this is full load 165
frames per second but 35 DB it's never
been done before now I think there are a
few factors at play here that allow
these laptops to be so quiet the first
is that these new Intel chips are just
more energy efficient they produce less
heat the fans don't have to run as hard
but secondly when you pop these things
open the fan modules have been upgraded
from last year's devices but they also
have these foam elements ments to direct
the air flow in a very particular way to
maximize cooling but another reason is
that some of the yoga laptops run
lenovo's X power it's their Performance
Tuning Tech and inside some of these
laptops is a chip called the AI Core
it's an in-house chip that's made by
Lenovo it's separate from Intel's AI
Endeavors and this chip monitors the CPU
and GPU demands in real time and then
adjusts the power Dynamic the
thermodynamics actively so it gives you
just the best performance while keeping
it super quiet I cannot stress this
enough like in video where I'm excited
about something like this it's hard to
convey without just being like a child
right it just didn't exist before you
couldn't get a quiet laptop when you're
playing games or doing video edits it
just wasn't possible you always have to
have headphones on because the fan noise
is going you don't need that anymore you
can just it's a quiet system while using
the speakers and the speakers are
actually pretty good dude there's six
speakers on the big one uh four on the
slim it's just this it's a very
different product category now just
because of the tech that's available
today there's one other AI based feature
on these laptops that I think is
interesting it's called The Creator Zone
and it's basically an app for AI image
generation so it can do sketch to image
and text to image and for the Pro Models
it can actually train image models
locally using the Nvidia GPU so it going
to be done offline now this tool is not
as powerful as something like a paid
subscription to Mid Journey but it's
included in these laptops and you also
get two free months of Adobe Creative
clouds you get access to photoshop and
Premiere and after effects all of those
apps it's the stuff that I use it's like
a $100 savings right there but it's
interesting to me and good to me that
they're able to make something like this
this is like a $900 product and to get
the screen and the keyboard and the
performance like these are just so much
better than what we had access to before
for creatives like it's just this is
awesome and honestly it's entirely made
possible because of those new Intel
chips they have to be completely Frank
right that's the way it is okay uh there
you have it the new yoga
[Music]
products